hello and welcome to actual kitchen
today we will see how to prepare nan for
which we will need the following
ingredients to prepare approximately 4
to 5 average-sized nons 2 cups of plain
flour maida or all-purpose flour some
extra virgin olive oil 3/4 teaspoon of
sugar 3/4 teaspoon of salt 3/4 teaspoon
of yeast and 1/8 teaspoon of baking
powder 1/2 tablespoons of yogurt first I
am going to mix all the ingredients in a
large bowl the plain floor East sugar
salt baking powder and finally the
yoghurt along with this I am going to
add 2 tablespoons of extra virgin olive
oil and I am going to mix them all well
and I am going to add you warm water and
mix it to adore so since I am using a
fast action east
I need not soak it in warm water so I am
dadly using it if you are using the
ordinary East check the specification
and use accordingly also don't use cold
water then it will not activate the East
at the same time if you are using very
hot water it will kill the yeast so
finally I have a sticky dough it should
be little bit sticky so that you get
soft nonce
now I am going to apply some more oil on
the top grease it well and I am going to
allow it to race for an hour if your
place is a little bit chill then you
will need 2 to 3 hours usually I put it
in a warm oven so that it rises in one
hour and now it is perfect that's
doubled in size and it is very soft next
I am going to start rolling out the
nonce first I am going to dust the
worktop with some plain floor and then I
am also rubbing some floor in my hands
and I have taken a small ball of dough
in my hands I am going to roll it out
just a little bit if you want you can
use more
to dust the surface and after rolling it
to a small circle I am going to flip it
in my hands so that I get a oval shape
as in the restorin and now my nan is
ready the next important step is I am
going to apply some water on one of the
sides and I am going to spread it with
my finger so that the entire area is
covered with water you can use more
water if necessary and now I am going to
put this water cider nan on the tava use
a very hot lava you can see now the
water is dripping the water side goes on
the tawa only a very high heater tava
will give you good nonce so after a few
seconds you will get bubbles coming out
at this stage I am going to turn my tava
upside down with flame at high and I am
going to cook the nan on the other side
on high flame and you can see naan is
ready and I am going to tear it out from
the tava and wow you can see the
excellent texture of the naan as in the
rest orang this is plain naan
I have some melted butter which I am
going to apply on the non then it
becomes butter naan this non very soft
and will be well cooked inside but if
you don't have a gas stove you can make
use of their oven I have you stir these
are stoned here I have heated it at
maximum temperature and on the hot piece
of stone I have place that nan I have
not applied any water for this baking of
naan and after a few minutes the naan
will be ready
this is oven-baked nan again apply some
butter on the top but believe me the
naan from the style is more softer than
the oven on and next for garlic naan i
am grading one clove of garlic on top of
the north
and then I am dusting it with some floor
so that the moisture from the garlic is
observed and I am going to gently roll
it again a little bit so that the garlic
gets pressed inside that naan and now
you turn it to the other side and apply
water on the other side do not apply
water on that side where you have
applied the garlic and now again put the
water side on the tava so that your
garlic side comes up and after it gets
some bubbles turn it to the other side
and let it cook on the flame
sometimes your nan may fell off from the
lava but never mind
it will be still perfect you say tongs
and cook it fully and your garlic naan
is ready apply some butter on the top
and you can smell the flavor of garlic
coming out try it and you'll really love
it thank you for watching Oxus kitchen